4141 remove f90 references from both docstrings and docs (#4283)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/source/fusion-devices/stellarator.md

## Code specifics

> The stellarator model is largely contained within source file `stellarator.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stellarator model is contained within the `process/models/stellarator/` directory.
```
